Problem 1: Flip the elements of each inner list in the given list
[[1,2], [3,4], [5,6]]

Problem 2: given the list [22, 13, 45, 50, 98, 69, 43, 44, 1] write a list comprehension 
           to form a list by adding 5 to numbers less than 45.

Problem 3: Take input from user and convert it to cipher by using substitution cipher.
           Every alphabet is replaced with corresponding alphabet in key.
           alphabet = 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'
           key = 'xznlwebgjhqdyvtkfuompciasr' 
           if the input has letter 'a' it will be replaced with 'x' and for 'b' it
           will be replaced with 'z' and it goes on

Problem 4: An anagram of a word is a word that is created by 
            rearranging the letters of the original. For instance, 
            two anagrams of idle are deli and lied. 
            Write a program that asks the user for a string and 
            returns a random anagram of the string—in other words, 
            a random rearrangement of the letters of that string.
Problem 5: A simple way of encrypting a message is to rearrange its characters. 
            One way to rearrange the characters is to pick out the characters at even indices, 
            put them first in the encrypted string, and follow them by the odd characters. 
            For example, the string message would be encrypted as msaeesg because 
            the even characters are m, s, a, e (at indices 0, 2, 4, and 6) and 
            the odd characters are e, s, g (at indices 1, 3, and 5).
            1. Write a program that asks the user for a string and uses this method to encrypt the string.
            2. Write a program that decrypts a string that was encrypted with this method.
Problem 6: Write a program that uses a dictionary that contains ten user names and passwords. 
The program should ask the user to enter their username and password. 
If the username is not in the dictionary, the program should 
indicate that the person is not a valid user of the system. 
If the username is in the dictionary, but the user does not enter the right password, 
the program should say that the password is invalid. 
If the password is correct, then the program should tell the user that they are now logged in to the system.

Problem 7: You are given a file namelist.txt that contains a bunch of names. 
Names are a first name and a last name separated by spaces, 
like George Washington.  Write a program that asks the user to enter initials, like GW
and prints all the names that match those initials.

Problem 8: Write a function called one_away that takes two strings and returns True 
if the strings are of the same length and differ in exactly one letter, like bike/hike or water/wafer

Problem 9: Write a function called closest that takes a list of numbers L and a number n and returns the largest element in L that is not larger than n. For instance, if L=[1,6,3,9,11] and n=8, then the function should return 6, because 6 is the closest thing in L to 8 that is not larger than 8. Don't worry about if all of the things in L are smaller than n

Problem 10:  Wordplay -- Use the file wordlist.txt for this problem. Find the following:
All words ending in ime
All words whose second, third, and fourth letters are ave
How many words contain at least one of the letters r, s, t, l, n, e
The percentage of words that contain at least one of the letters r, s, t, l, n, e
All words with no vowels






